---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=2cm,bottom=2cm"
---

# Week 9 House Meeting

***Quorum is Met***

## Cabinet Announcements

President - Leiah:

- SIH Halloween event on Tuesday at either 8:30 or 9. Lots of fun events, I am forcing you to come (not really).
- We have elections for Public Relations chairman today. 

Vice President - Kel:

- Evals are officially out to all. If you did not receive them, 1.) come find me 2.) why did it take you this long to tell me? 
- Compliments: 
    
    - Trap Card from Yu-Gi-Oh, _Deck Devestation Card_.
    - Elliot, you are the best league player ever. 
    - DK, you are a ray of sunshine. 
    - Howie, your concern about my life events is awesome, thanks my dude. 
    - Dom, making moves on the website, I love to see it. 
    - Lainey, I love your stitch art in your room, literally goals. 
    - Mary, you have nice blisters, thanks for showing them to me, _every single day...._

- Make moves, secure that sour dough.

Treasurer - Bench: Pizza Sales on Friday. Signup sheet is going around. We cannot leave until every spot is filled

Secretary - Seth: No announcements

RA - Adam: Event this Tuesday at Ritchies, gonna play pool against 7th floor and beat them until they cry. Former EH RA will be there, go and meet them.

Computer Chairman - Saty:

- If you are making designs for the business cards, wait a bit, since the website URL might change. 
- It is raining Monday, Wednesday and Thursday, so computers are sad for those days. Every other day, it is below 50, so they are happy.

Constitution and Historian - Nicc: This day in history, in 1965 the Gateway Arch was completed (St Louis).

Freshmen Rep - Danny:

- Went on a bottle run last week and made $14.70
- Freshmen project will be announced soon

House Improvements - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- Fire inspections are over, go crazy
- VAX is still under suspicion

Public Relations - Leiah: No announcements

Recruitment - Faith: Study Lounge cleanup at 7:30 on Tuesday

Social - Kristy:

- Pumpkin Picking didn't happen because not a lot of people wanted to go
- Don't forget to stay after house meeting today for Halloween games
- Gonna be designing sweatshirts soon
- Formal committee meeting coming up soon. Date TBA

Project - Trent: 

- 181 Days until ImagineRIT
- Gonna come by and check progress on projects. 

ALC:

- Events:
    
    - Can we get a poll for bowling

- Complaints:

    - Halloween came to early
    - Weather is too _Rochester_
    - Pumpkin Picking didn't happen
    - Kim couldn't ship a package.

- GTKYA:
    
    - Zach Hankinson
        
        - Actual Alumni ™ 
        - Mechanical Engineer
        - AKA: Hank Hankinson
        - Can solve physics problems in his sleep, literally
        - Engaged to Rachel Wu
        - Used to haunt Erdle frequently
    
    - Rachel Wu
        
        - 4th Year Electrical Engineering
        - Is taking a course from every year level at once this year
        - Is from California
        - Engaged to Zach Hankinson
        - Really good at makeup
        - Went on co-op in her second year

    - Emily Zebrowski
        
        - 3rd year Mechanical Engineering
        - Likes elephants 
        - Throws javelin, hammer and shotput
        - Works at Moog
        - Kim’s old roommate
        - Loves raspberries

    - Sam Shelmidine
        
        - 3rd Year Mechanical Engineering
        - Former Constitution chair of Engineering House
        - Best Sexy Chewbacca costume
        - Was roommate of both Ben and Kim freshman year
        - Works at QuEST
        - Likes skiing


## General Announcements

Faith:

- Wednesday at 9:30, _Children of the Corn_
- Bring corn related items, I am bringing candy corn
- Letter shirts are now my fundraiser. They are now $10. Let me know by next Saturday if you don't want one anymore.

Elliot:

- Pinball met
- We lined up preliminary steps, and have a budget: $300 for framing, wood, LEXAN and basics. Might ask for more later, but don't know. Passes 30/43

Jessie:

- Movies:
    
    - Monday, 10/29 9pm VAX: _Nightmare on Elm Street_
    - Tuesday, 10/30 8:30pm VAX: _It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown_
    - Tuesday, 10/30 after Charlie Brown (unless no one shows): _Friday the 13th_

Nicc: SPORTS: On Halloween, at 8pm, we have an Ultimate game. I want us to look stupid and dress up and throw something that shouldn't fly to each other. Come in costume!

Kristy: SPORTS: At soccer, they tried (and succeeded) to take me out, but we still won. I don't think we have a game this week, but I will figure it out. Next game is in 2 weeks

Carl: OTHER SPORTS: Monday 8pm broomball in Ritter

Dom R: Seminars: If you want, I will give a presentation on seminars.

Nicc:

- Human Hamster Wheel: The construct lied and didn't let me use fancy tools. 
- The wooden car motor spins again, because hammers fix everything.

Hunter: 

- I would like to propose a budget for $2000 for Giant 3D Printer.
- [After long discussion]
- I want to change my budget to $500 for the table and basic electronics: Vote passes 32/41

Nicc:

- Philanthropy committee met and talked about Thanksgiving and Christmas plans. It was a short meeting, we are waiting to see what happens with PR before moving forward. 

### Elections

We will now hear the speech of Jonathan Dharmadi
