---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=2cm,bottom=2cm"
---

# Week 8 House Meeting

***Quorum is Met***

## Cabinet Announcements

President - Leiah:

- I won't be here for the next two days. Please don't burn down floor or become a fire hazard. I will be out of contact. Talk to the rest of EBoard if you have problems
- PR Nominations after HM

Vice President - Kel:

- No evals yet. Waiting on Aaron, maybe
- Compliments: 
    
    - "You can please some of the people all of the time, all of the people some of the time, but not all of the people all of the time" ~John Lydgate
    - video: [https://goo.gl/c8T7Q2](https://goo.gl/c8T7Q2), no one can do anything for you besides yourself. Don't be a sheep and keep your tail between your legs, speak up and make a change. Only you can prevent forest fires. 
    - Seth you are beautiful 
    - Andy I like your glasses
    - Kristy, you have done good events
    - Lauren, you like gold fish

Treasurer - Braden: None

Secretary - Seth: None

RA - Adam:

- David for Adam: Next event is 2 or 3 weeks down the line. Taking suggestions

Computer Chairman - Saty:

- This week is clear, except for Tuesday and Wednesday, it is raining, computers aren't happy.
- It's gonna be cold, computers are happy.

Constitution and Historian - Nicc:

- On this day in history, in 1918 German U-boat submarine fires the last torpedo of World War I, as Germany ceases its policy of unrestricted submarine warfare.
- We have a vote on the Piski and Sweet form Ammendment. Passes: 36/40

Freshmen Rep - Danny:

- There was a bottle run
- Freshmen will be receiving a survey for project selection.

House Improvements - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- We got jipped by the fire inspector. Keep the VAX clean.

Public Relations - Leiah: None

Recruitment - Faith:

- We were supposed to have an open house this past weekend, but we were lied to. Thanks for all those who helped me out when I couldn't be there
- Next one is 11/10, so we have time to chill
- No shadows have responded.
- All of you suck, no one has emailed me business card designs.

Social - Kristy:

- Haunted Trail and Strong Museum attendees who haven't told me they went, tell me
- Pumpkin Picking Sunday 10/28 at 10:30, so tell me if you want to go
- Halloween Games after HM next week, wear costumes

Project - Trent:

- 188 Days until Imagine.
- Projects are going great.

ALC:

- Events:

    - Apple Picking was great, but cold.
    - Stay warm, and good luck on Midterms

- Complaints:

    - Clock is broken
    - It is cold
    - Parents Weekend had too many parents, not enough weekend
    - Bad Apple at Apple Picking: Carl
    - Not enough EH at hockey
    - Nicc is too far away to deafen with _SPORTS_
    - Ben isn't fast enough

- GTKYA:

    - Brighton Key:
        
        - 4th Year Industrial Design
        - Past EH Treasurer
        - Was an off floor who was voted onto floor
        - Was a Mechanical Engineer
        -  Likes Warhammer 40K
        - Single handedly eliminated everyone in his path to treasurer

    - Madison Anne Langer
        
        - 4th Year Nursing student at Nazareth College
        - Past EH Treasurer
        - Has a cat named Annie
        - Was an Electrical Engineer in her freshman year at RIT
        - Transferred between first and second year
        - Became an Alumni in her second year

    - Maria Melchiorre
        
        - 4th Year Electrical Engineering Major
        - Past EH Secretary
        - Past president of IEEE
        - Has a stuffed Rowlet/is a Rowlet??
        - Holds the distinction of being one of the most quoted members of floor
        - Sister of little Dom

## General Announcements

David: Philanthropy committee met and made an email account. Emailed people about events and they said "Spring"

Faith: 

- Movies with Me, Wed 9:30: _Rocky Horror Show_
- T-Shirts: Fill out a google form to say if you want a T-Shirt

Hunter: SPOOF: Dante was inconsiderate, spoof is now at 10:30 on Tuesday

Kristy: SPORTS: Soccer won (the other team forfeited). We Play Thursday against _2 Goals one Cup_

Nicc:

- SPORTS: We won. We might play inside on Wednesday at 8pm
- Human Hamster Wheel: We did stuff. Gonna go to the construct to have them cut out curly curly lines.

Bench: What are the T-Shirts gonna be like? Answer: Frat like shirts

Carl: 

- OTHER SPORTS: Broomball, Monday, 8:40pm

Hunter: Giant 3d printer is going to home depot to get stuff. Gonna ask for a budget soon

Andrea: Saturday, VAX, 8-10pm: _Over the Garden Wall_
Jonathon: _Greatest Showman_ Thursday at 8pm, VAX
Kel: 

- Because of Jonathan, we might have to watch _Rattatouile_ in my room. Entrance Fee: 1) A mouse, 2) A linguine, 3) The country of France
- If you want pulled pork, find me. It is Asian Inspired
- Swole Patrol is starting this week. 9pm everyday, except Thursday (M,T,W,F).
    
Leiah: Jerseys are still estimated early Nov, pay me. The following are on my hit list. I take venmo or cash.

Ryan: 
    
- David's head is large
- 50th committee. We found old documents and maybe the first EH RA.
- Spooky Movie Night: 10pm on Thursday

Andy: Socks are coming 11/6

Saty:
    
- Filament came in.
- BETG is weird.

Seth:
    
- Who would want to get Scarves? (A lot of people raised hands). More info coming
- Brasa's Trip will be 11/3. Let me know if you want to come.

### Nominations

- Jonathan: Accepts
- Jessie: Declines
- Jeremy: Declines
- Leiah: Declines
- Cole Miller: Ineligible
- Zach: Declines
- Dante: Accepts
- Jeff's Beard: Declines
- Dom M: Declines
- Andy: Declines
- Danny H: Declines

This position will take a lot of time, if you do it right. Talk to other cabinet members to see what it is like. You need to know at least the past 5 people who held PR chairman.
