---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=2cm,bottom=2cm"
---

# Week 11 House Meeting

***Quorum is Met***

## Cabinet Announcements

President - Leiah: 

- Housing meeting to pick rooms will happen the week after Thanksgiving. I believe I have the list of everyone who is living on floor. If I didn't talk to you last night, come talk to me. If you change your mind, please come talk to me.
- I will not be here next week, someone will be subbing for me.

Vice President - Kel:

- Cabinet and floor evals have been sent out.
- Evals! They come out next week, make sure you check where you're at with events, FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION! Any off-floors who want to be on evals, come talk to me before next week! Study for your tests!

Treasurer - Bench: None

Secretary - Seth:

- Since Evals are coming up, make sure you get your event attendance in. If you host an event, make sure you submit all attendances that you need to. 
- Make sure you get non-social attendance, because a lot of people still need it.
- I will be doing a filing cabinet organization during Thanksgiving break, since I am staying in town. If anyone who will also be in town wants to help, you are welcome to.

Reslife Advisor - Aaron: He is not here, he is in Disney Land. Be jealous.

Computer Chairman - Saty: 

- Please don't turn the volume on the pool lounge speakers all the way up, increase the volume on your phone or on the EQ (silver box where the aux is).
- Weather will be cool, computers are happy.

Constitution and Historian - Nicc:

- SPORTS: On this day in History, in 1972, USSR refused to play Chile in soccer.

Freshmen Rep - Danny:

- Stay tuned for freshmen project meeting
- Made $28.65 on the bottle run this week 
- Questions for freshmen selection have been chosen 

House Improvements - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- VAX cleanup tonight at 10pm, new first aid kit

Public Relations - Jonathan:

- Kitchen:
    
    - Forks have arrived
    - Still waiting on bench to order stuff
    - Keep sink area clean, Past 10pm any dishes left will be gone

- Events: Get your non-socials!

    - Letter Writing to veterans 9pm Monday
    - Friday in-house service projects more to be announced on discord
    - Sunday First Lego League 8 am - 5 pm limited spots let let me know ASAP if you want to go"

Recruitment - Faith: 

- Open house went well. Thank you to all that helped out! The next open house is Friday, December 7th
- Study Lounge cleanup on Tuesday at 7:30
- We might have a shadow coming next week! There might be more in the spring!

Social - Kristy:

- Order your Sweatshirts, they are $28. Link is posted in Kitchen, Facebook and Discord.
- Formal Committee had a meeting and planning has begun. Proposing a budget of $4000.
    
    - Where is the budget going?
        
        - Formal glasses will actually be used at formal
        - Reserving a Venue
        - Buying food
        - I will see if Lukas and Saty will DJ

    - Budget passes: 38/39

- Game Night was Fun and Potato Racing was a blast Hunter was our winner with a time of 11.26 seconds! Second Place goes to Dominic. M with a time of 13.43 seconds!
- Gender Neutral Girls Night is Saturday at 9pm
- Festivus is December 9th after house meeting in the VAX.
- Fill out your non-denominational gift giving form if you wish to participate but its a lot of fun so you should!

Project - Trent: 

- 167 Days until ImagineRIT
- I’ll be coming around to meet with project leaders and individuals to map out the progress I want to see as part of the second eval period

ALC:

- Events:
    
    - I forgot about bowling, sorry
    - I want to go swimming with you guys next Sunday, in the RIT _Indoor_ pool
    - _Fantastic Beasts: Crimes of Grindlewald_. We are going Friday at 7:30

- Complaints:

    - Weather is stupid
    - ALC forgot to be functional
    - Exams are coming
    - Thanksgiving is coming (Happy Thoughts!)
    - Movie tickets are coming
    - Carl burned dinner.

- GTKYA:

    - Liam Callahan:

        - 3rd Year Micro-Electronic Engineer
        - Former Vice President
        - Plays Warhammer 40k tabletop game
        - Experienced Dungeon Master
        - From Boston (New York)
        - Currently on co-op at Northrop Grumman
        - Randomly pops up from his bed
   
    - Mia Sitzler:

        - 3rd Year Mechanical Engineer
        - Former Public Relations Chair
        - Former Freshman Rep
        - Coaches Volleyball
        - From Erie PA, now trapped in South Carolina
        - FIRST robotics team member
        - Bartender at a family bar in Erie
        - Is Italian
        - Flying keys are her enemy

    - Kaleigh Marcotte:

        - 3rd year Chemical Engineer
        - From Rhode Island
        - Her father owns a club in Providence 
        - She can’t make it to events as she’s on co-op
        - Has been to Japan (Fukushima) as part of a work study
        - Doesn’t like breakfast food
        - Loves Gyarados pokemon



## General Announcements

Hunter:

- 3D printer: Meeting to come this week, assembling table. Want to have a meeting about electronics and filament storage teams. Aaron said he is cool, but wants higher ups to approve. 
- SPOOF: _Tropic Thunder_, Tuesday at 9pm

Faith: 

- Movies with Faith: Wednesday at 9:30, _My Neighbor Totoro_
- I got letter shirts this week. Alumni and people who are leaving for semester, will be done. Rest will be done over winter break.
- Thanks for coming to Tea Talk. Will happen again, every 2 you go to, you will get 1 non-social.

Kristy:

- SPORTS: I lied, this week is our last Soccer game. Last week we lost 3-0. We play again Thursday at 9, last game before play offs

David: Adam had an announcement. If we are still good, he will do vermonster both semesters

Kim: OTHER SPORTS: Dig Big Swinging, broomball at 10pm tomorrow.

Ryan: 

- ESPORTS: Next semester they are doing LOL. 
- Let's make a team. 50th committee is Wednesday at 8

Nicc: 

- Ultimate Playoffs start on 11/14. IDK what time we play.
- Human hamster wheel. Just had a meeting, we just hit 60 project hours.

Leiah: 

- Jerseys came in, if you didn't pick yours up, do it. 
- If you have issues, I will be writing a seething email and might call to rip this woman a new one. I will call Tuesday. I want to get Carla fired.
- Come see me if you went to SIH halloween stuff. I need to put in attendance.

Dante: Anime: Shinometa on Friday

Kel: Pixar Night, Thursday Night at 8pm, _Toy Story 3_. Fee: Kindergartner, Toy that makes you sad, or a person named Andy.
