---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=2cm,bottom=2cm"
---

# Week 10 House Meeting

***Quorum is Met***

## Cabinet Announcements

President - Leiah: 

- Housing is coming up soon. If you are Freshmen, think about that. 

Vice President - Kel:

- Duties Performed.
- Compliments:
    - Thanks for being awesome!
    - Dante you are one sick dude (literally and figuratively) 
    - Thiccc’olas you are the epitome of a Roman statue, 
    - Tucker if you become a famous rockstar can I reserve some tickets in advanced? 
    - Jack, good job at the NY marathon today, you killed it. 
    - Andrea, I hope your sleep schedule will add up to a full time work week. 
    - Jordan, I am not a meche but I know how bad degani is so the fact you are still alive is amazing, keep doing the hard math and the machine things.

- If you ever need to talk about anything. There are a lot of resources on campus. If you want, you can to me, but I don't know a lot about mental illness. 

Treasurer - Bench: None

Secretary - Seth: I can't hear as well right now, so please speak up when making announcements.

Reslife Advisor - Aaron: Please take care of yourselves. Go to the counseling center if you need to talk.

Computer Chairman - Saty:

- Please turn off the projector in the VAX when you're done with it, projector lamps are expensive. 
- It's raining Monday, Tuesday, and Friday, but for the week the high is below 60° so computers are pretty happy. 

Constitution and Historian - Nicc: On this day in history, in 2008, Barack Obama was elected the 44th President.

Freshmen Rep - Danny:

- Bottle run this week. Probably Wednesday 
- Freshmen project will be a shopping cart storage area with a swipe access feature <Paste>

House Improvements - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- Thanks for keeping the VAX clean.

Public Relations - Jonathan:

- Kitchen
   
    - New stuff is coming soon as soon as bench orders them
    - There is a new sponge rack so please use it
    - Starting from tonight 10pm any thing left in the sink will be held captive by me

- Relay for life
    
    - Sign up on website! Group name is engineering house
    - If you have any ideas on activities let me know!

- First Robotics

    - Our first volunteering event will be November 18th at Palmac High School
    - If you wanna go let me know 

Recruitment - Faith: Open House is 11/10 (it is not a scam this time, I promise), fill out the sign up sheet. y'all know what's up. 

Social - Kristy:

- Formal Committee Meeting: Tuesday 11-6 at 7 pm in the Study Lounge 
- Gender Neutral Girls Night: 11-17 at 9 pm in the VAX 
- Game Night: 11-10 at 7 in the VAX 
- Do Not mess with my signs in the pool lounge please.

Project - Trent:

- 174 Days until ImagineRIT

ALC:

- Events:

    - Bowling is next Sunday (11/11)
    - Rochester Maker Faire (11/17)
    - Bench did super well at his meet
    - Don't forget to vote on Tuesday!

- Complaints:
    
    1. The annex of the 3rd floor wasn't permanent
    2. There is no free stuff channel in the discord (spoken by a Discord Admin)
    3. Outside needs 3 layers and inside you need 1
    4. Half the week it was raining and the other half it was cold enough to snow
    5. the clock is..working, so we can't complain about it anymore
    6. The weekend is too short and there aren't enough hours in the day."

- GTKYA:
    
    - Taylor Smith
        
        - 3rd year Industrial Engineering
        - Works at Toyota
        - Once rearranged and cleaned Michael and Carl’s room as a prank 
        - Loves Disney movies
        - Has a festive Yoda
        - Is someone who will watch Moana
    - Luke Murphy

        - 3rd year Industrial Engineering
        - Former Secretary
        - Works at Bosch
        - Brother of Sigma Chi
        - Great Ultimate player
        - Became blonde for money
        - 3rd prettiest member of EBoard

    - Tyler Swidler

        - 3rd Year Mechanical Engineer
        - Helped Ben begin the floor sticker plague during Relay last year
        - Bangs on the weekends
        - VP of Hillel
        - Used to be an off floor
        - Wears two hats at a time (removing the second might be a hate crime)
        - Is MECE af
        - Publicly gay turtled by Seth



## General Announcements

Kristy: SPORT: Last soccer game is Thursday at 10. Come watch

Nicc: Hamster Wheel: Construct sucks. Will have a meeting soon

Carl: OTHER SPORTS: Broomball tomorrow at 8:40pm

Ryan: There is a protest this week about the counseling center being underfunded, on Thursday. Time TBA. Look out for an announcement

Hunter: SPOOF: Tuesday at 9pm, _The Princess Bride_

Nicc: SPORTS: Ultimate won last week, we play again Wednesday at 8

Hunter: Giant 3D Printer: We cut some wood. Will have another meeting soon

Faith: 

- Ordering TShirts tomorrow, hopefully will get them by end of semester (finished). Pay me, my wallet is sad.
- Movies with Faith: Not this week, but next: _My Neighbor Totoro_.

Trent: In light of recent events, we want to have night that we can talk, take care of each other. 

Dom (2nd Year): Seminars: If you have an idea for a seminar, please let me know. I will be talking with CSH about their seminars

Andy: SOCKS: Come get yours

Leiah: Jerseys are estimated this week (11/11, as of a month ago). Pay me, or you are still on my hit list.

Kel: Pixar Night, Thursday. The Entrance fee is a balloon, angel falls, a bird, or literally anything. We are watching _Up_.
