---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=2cm,bottom=2cm"
---

# Week 15 House Meeting

**_Quorum is Met_**

## Cabinet Announcements

President - Leiah:

- SIH Holiday party is canceled
- HOGS and Unity house hate Xmas carols

Vice President - Kel:

- Still waiting on evals from Aaron.
- Have fun with your finals and if you’re feeling stressed or just want to talk, please reach out to me or anyone you feel comfortable with.
- Compliment: Bench's Science class was my favorite class this year

Treasurer - Bench: Nothing

Secretary - Seth: Nothing

RA - Adam: Fill out when you are leaving. Keep the toilets clean

Computer Chairman - Saty:

- It's below 40°F for most of the week, so computers are happy. Good luck on finals everyone.

Constitution and Historian - Nicc: This day in 1835, The Texas army captured San Antonio

Freshmen Rep - Danny:

- Bottle run tomorrow around 6:30.
- Please start brainstorming fundraising ideas for the freshmen project

House Improvements - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- If recycling or trash is full, please take it out or at least let me or Saty know so we don't get flies again!
- Someone borrowed the shop vac

Public Relations - Jonathan: Nothing

Recruitment - Faith:

- Thank you to everyone who helped at open house! Good luck on finals and have a safe trip home!
- More shadows next semester

Social - Kristy:

- I ordered sweatshirts.
- Festivus is today after house meeting so i hope you have all your stuff in the VAX

Project - Trent: Imagine is a thing that happens

ALC:

- Happy Last night of Hanukkah.
- Happy Festivus
- Events:

- Complaints:

  - Seth's eyes are too big under his glasses
  - No one got us a present
  - Kel fucked up fixing the clock
  - Why aren't classes done
  - Hannah forgot her complaint

- GTKYA:

  - Logan Hobbes

    - 5th year Chemical Engineer
    - Former President
    - Sings acapella with the Hawaiian Shirt Enthusiast Club
    - Is a Gemini
    - Dating EH alum Morgan Kline
    - Ask him if he’s been to Hawaii

  - Adam Stock

    - 5th year Mechanical Engineer
    - Former Vice President
    - Is president of ASME
    - Does not work at the Red Barn
    - Co-oped at GE Aviation
    - Has done an entire pizza sales shift by himself
    - Worked on the Chain Reaction and Rubens Tube Imagine projects

  - Jason Blocklove

    - 4th year Computer Engineer
    - Former Vice President
    - Award winning percussive guitar player
    - Is a TA for the CE department
    - Has a beard
    - Named a fish after himself
    - Is a brother of $\Sigma$AM (that’s swagma alpha mu to you)

## General Announcements

Hunter: Spoof - _The Naked Gun_ Tuesday at 9PM

Dom: Thank you all for being awesome

Kel: No Pixar Night

Elliot: This is my last House Meeting. I am transferring from RIT to somewhere.
