---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=2cm,bottom=2cm"
---

# Week 14 House Meeting

***Quorum is Met***

## Cabinet Announcements

President - Leiah:

- We will be having an SIH holiday party one 12/15 at 6pm. If you want free pizza (probably), come down for some fun events, like a rock paper scissors tournament and karaoke. NRH 1250 (probably).
- SIH Overwatch tournament is Saturday from 10-6

Vice President - Kel: I just put stuff in my mouth

- Evals have been sent to Aaron
- Be good, have fun

Treasurer - Bench:

- House gift is in. They are in Bench and Hunters room. 
- Budget meeting Wednesday at 7pm.

Secretary - Seth: None

Reslife Advisor - Aaron: None

RA - Adam: Thanks for those who attended the RA event, special shoutout to Howie.

Computer Chairman - Saty: Raining and Snowing this week, but it is below 30. Computers are ok I guess.

Constitution and Historian - Nicc: 1804 Napolean was crowned emperor. 

Freshmen Rep - Danny: Bottle run on Wednesday. Please help.

House Improvements - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- VAX cleanup at 8pm on Tuesday. 
- I am sad, someone didn't clean up their saw dust. I cleaned it, vacuum it next time.

Public Relations - Jonathan:

- Relay for Life. The fee is like $10. Go to the website, and search RIT and then select the "Engineering House"
- January, we will be going to more off campus events, like Ronald McDonald.

Recruitment - Faith:

- We had a shadow on Friday. Thanks to all those who helped out with that. 
- We have an open house on Friday, and I can only be there for the last hour.

Social - Kristy:

- Pay me for sweatshirts
- Festivus is next week, gifts should be in the VAX _before_ house meeting. 

Project - Trent: 

- 21 Weeks til imagine (weeks is more intimidating)
- Project people still need to get me stuff

ALC:

- Events:

    - Happy Hanukkah
    - Xmas decorating in VAX tomorrow at 8pm
    - Texas De Brazil trip this weekend sometime

- Complaints:

    - All of ALC enjoyed the cold in NYC
    - Half didn't enjoy the warm here
    - Finals
    - Kim keeps forgetting it is Hanukkah, and not Xmas.

- GTKYA:

	- Adam Bork
	
		- 4th Year Mechanical Engineer
			- Automotive Option
		- Need help with your car? Ask him
		- Co-oped at
		- Does not have a Facebook
		- From Victor, NY: If you’re looking for something to do, ask him
		- Son of a dentist/professional race car driver (Doc B Racing)

	- Chris Sweet

		- 5th year Computer Engineer
        - His brother has a very cute corgi
        - Dating Shayne Hollands (a RIT alumni)
        - Great at taking photos
        - Has longer hair than Rapunzel
        - Likes to cook
        - Makes great, very spicy chilli
        - Likes Archer

	- Steve Lucas
		
		- 5th Year Computer Engineer
		- Is good at Smash
		- His birthday was yesterday
		- Attained Champion Level on Rocket League
		- Was an off floor his first year and was voted on floor
		- Makes his own beer
		- Only has one shirt


## General Announcements

Dom 1st Year: Mr RIT is happening, Ya Boi is competing. I will be in the SAU and will be selling stuff (Rice Crispy and Candy Canes). Proceeds go to charity. Buy tickets online, $5 online, $7 at the door.

Hunter: SPOOF: 

- _Sharknado_ Tuesday at 9PM, might also watch _Eagles are Turning people into horses_
- The police car was relocated. We have locked it with a bike lock, if you want to use it, let me know so I can give you the key with the code. We don't know who took it, it ended up on 5th floor.
- We bought some cabinets for Giant 3D printer and stained the table. Will be adding more designs.

DK: 

- DK's surprise movie night tomorrow at 6
- Smash Bros is coming out Friday.
- Any interest in having a Smash Tournament?

Trent: Tea talk Friday 5-6:30

Faith: Tshirts will be done for all alumni going on coop by next Sunday. Get them next week at House Meeting. Pay me

Ryan: There is a video game music concert Sunday 2pm in Ingle Auditorium.

Kel: 

- Pixar Night: _Brave_. Entrance fee is haggis, the country of Scotland, a bear, NO WEAPONS. Thursday 8pm in the VAX.
- I am going to be making a hype video for EHouse. I am thinking of doing it like _The Office_. If you want to or _don't_ want to, let me know.
