---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=1cm,bottom=1cm"
---

# House meeting 9/09/18
***Quorum is Met: 18/20*** 

### Cabinet Announcements

Leiah - President: Nothing

Kel - VP: 

- No comps: Forgot box
- Don't talk behind people's backs
- Off floors, let Kel know about evals
- Eval Presentation next week or so, will be on discord
- Don't play loud music in pool lounge with door open, if you can hear at end of hall, too loud. No loud music after quiet hours, there are people next door
- Quote: "Knowledge does for the mind, what experience does for the soul"

Bench - Treasurer: No announcements

Seth - Secretary: 

- Don't submit individual attendance
- Here's how to do attendance
- Seth can't do the projector....

Aaron - Reslife: Thanks for coming to the event

RA:

- Roommate agreements

Nick - Constitution:

- Let's get happy: in 2014 the leader of Iran got prostate surgery. 
- Get constitution signature pages to Me! You can't pass without them.

Saty - Computer Chairman: 

- AV receiver shit itself, proposing a budget for new one. 
- Budget may not be used, just in case. 
- AV receiver is the little black box that takes input to the projector and speaker! Fun!
- I will do research on brand and models later. 
- Vote passes: 14/18

Hunter - Freshmen Rep:

- going to make bottle run Tuesday night. Gonna make a run to Wegman's, if you are interested in learning, go to Hunter

Hunter - House Improvements:

- HIPAWMIP
- We have budget for $800 for fire cabinet. I found one for $530, 30 Gals, plenty. Can we add two fire extinguishers to that order?
- With them, it is still under budget. We don't have to spend money that isn't spent, I will not pocket it.
- Vote passes 16/18

DK for Kasey - PR: 

- Stress relief in the VAX. Saturday at 8pm, watch _Love Actually_ and do fun stuff.

Leiah - Recruitment:

- Off floors, please get involved and get on mailing lists if not already. 
- Fill out the contract on the Google forms. They are due Monday (9/10/18). They can be later, but swipe might not happen. 

Kristy - Social:

- My name is Kristy
- Sunday 9/16 is Beach Day! Respond to Facebook post
- Mud Tug: 9/22. Talk to me if you haven't. One spot open for teams. If you don't want to do it anymore because of other things like maker fair.
- Darrien Lake 9/29. $20

Trent - Project:

- I'm Trent
- 229 Days till Imagine.
- Week before HM of Evals, must have project proposals (only leaders). 
- Everyone that wants to pass evals must be on project

ALC:

- State fair went well
- Resume review went well. Another one late September.
- Kim's birthday next weekend. 
- DESTLER CONCERT 5PM DOWNTOWN ROCHESTER! IT'S FREE. 9/15
- Complaints:
  
  - Kel: Use kazoo more.
  - Saty wraps his breakfast burrito wrong
  - People were late to cabinet meeting
  - Winter is coming
  - Carl was on couch
  - Too hot in VAX
  - Seth took too long setting up presentation
  - Waited for HM
- GET TO KNOW YOUR ALUMNI
  
  1. Carl Burkhard
      - 3rd Year Mechanical Engineer
      - Eternal God Emperor 
      - Former President
      - Carries a wrench
      - Loves rock climbing, running, broomball and Ultimate
      - Husband to Michael Smith
      - ~Carl NO!~
      - CARL YES

  2. Amanda Lydick
      - 3rd year Mechanical Engineer
      - Likes to cook (and is really good at it)
      - Very Jewish
      - Has the longest hair ever
      - Can’t function without coffee
      - Coffee puts her to sleep
      - Her food can make you breathe fire

  3. Ryan Volz
      - 3rd year GDD/EE? 
      - Lives in the same town as Taylor and Jeff 
      - Eternal EHouse beanie
      - Has gone to one concert
      - On floor so much we thought he lived there
      - Helped try to convert 7th floor into more EHouse
      - Always smiling


### General Announcements

Leiah:

- Jerseys: Looking for vendor. Gonna have 2 designs. Look out for polls about them. $25-30
Saty:
 
 - EHouse water bottles gonna go on sale soon. Nalgene style, blue with EH logo.

Carl:

- SPORTS: 

  - Broomball tomorrow D1 division at 8pm. 

    - Talk to me

Nicc:

- SPORTS

    - Ultimate: first game is Wednesday at 8pm. Meet on floor

Hunter:

- Giant 3d printer budget and slideshow over discord

Nicc:

- Human Hamster Wheel:

    - First meeting went well. 
    - Looking for more people. 

Leiah:
 
 - SPORTS

    - Broomball, the worse team:
    - We play Wednesday, but are on the waitlist. 
    - Please join

Flowers:

  - Meditation: Weekly on Saturday, Time TBD

Faith: 

  - Chick Flick Night: _Spectacular Now_

Trent:
 
 - Spooky Movie Night: _Night Crawler_ Thursday 9:30pm

Hunter:

- Spoof: _Monty Python and the Holy Grail_

Saty:

- Theater is broken. Will be trying to fix it this week. 

Kristy:

- SPORTS

  - We have soccer, Thursday at 9pm. Please join!

Ryan:
 
 - Regal Cinemas watch _The Nun_ on Tuesday. LMK

Kim:

- Let's watch idiots play Broomball on Monday

Kel:

- Let's watch _A Bugs Life_ in my room.

  - Space is limited, so be prepared for trials
  - Thursday at 6
  - Must eat entire water melon for admission

### Nominations

- Recruitment: Faith Nee

  - Graciously Accepts

- Recruitment: DK

  - Respectfully Decline
