---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=1cm,bottom=1cm"
---

# Week 3 House Meeting
***Quorum is Met 19/20***

### Cabinet Announcements:

President: Leiah

- Welcome to week 3 HM
- We are doing Carpe this weekend. This is the painting of the rock on the way to the quarter mile. It is a competition. We have to repaint it this year, and make it look nice and pretty, we must guard it. Friday or Saturday. Spray paint after midnight and then guard all night

VP: Kel

- One week until evals
- Off floors: Let Kel know
- Stop pressing the elevator alarm button
- Pool lounge speakers are good
- Compliments:

  - Happy Early bday Trent, looking good (From last week)
  - Nicc: You're so friendly, and fun to be around. Keep being you. 
  - Long ass comment.
  - Roses are red....

Treasurer: Bench

- Budget for Spray: Passes 18/19

Reslife - Aaron:
  
- No announcements

Computer Chairman - Saty:

- The AV receiver broke, sketch setup broke. Found receiver and sent it to Bench. 
- Memes are illegal in the EU. 

Constitution - Nicc:

- 1978 Earthquake kill 25,000 people in Iran. 
- Please sign your constitutions and submit them. 
- New ammendment:

Freshmen Rep - Hunter:

- We made $17.95 on a bottle run
- Next one will be when I'm done. 

House Improvements - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- Competition for race car is in week, VAX is messy

PR - Kasey:

- Great Beach Day. Send photos to Kasey for social media
- Letter writing on Wednesday at 8pm. Write letters to people with depression
- Smash Bros tournament, next Sunday at 5pm, bring feminine hygiene products

Recruitment - Leiah:

- Thanks off floors!
- I will keep sending emails....
- Join Facebook and Discord!
- Let me know if you don't have swipe by Wednesday
- SL cleanup this week maybe, hopefully not my problem

Social - Kristy:

- Beach day was great, thanks all.
- Saturday is Mud Tug. T-Shirts will be made sometime
- Sep 29 is Dairen lake. Please let me know if you want to go, I need to get tickets. 
- Oct 13 (maybe) is going to be Amazing Maize Maze Maze

Project - Trent:

- 222 Days til Imagine
- Do your project requirement!

ALC:

- Complaints:

  - Amanda didn't get minutes on time
  - Shadow ALC doesn't matter
  - My AC isn't working
  - Ben slept less than a full time job. 
  - Gross lake people hugged me
- Announcements:

  - Maker fair is this weekend. Talk to Emerson
- GTKYA:

  - Papa Salsa

    - Chris Salcedo
    - Former Constitution Head
    - Fifth Year Electrical Engineer
    - Master behind a camera
    - Also master of memes
    - Has to duck through most doorways
    - From New York City

  - Papa Ray

    - Ray Dodds
    - Former Secretary
    - Also known as Ray Doods
    - Fifth Year Computer Science
    - Founding Discord Admin
    - Has the coolest hat
    - Knows MATLAB better than any MECE for the purpose of helping MECEs with MATLAB

  - Papa David

    - David Wilson
    - 3rd Year Electrical Mechanical Engineering Technology
    - Sketchiest Papa
    - Will drag you into dark rooms to interrogate you but be super low key about it
    - More commonly known as Hodor
    - Can consume terrifying amounts of garbage plate

### General Announcements

Leiah:

- SPORTS: Broomball, we are not in the league

Saty:

- Order EH water bottles. Orders close this Wednesday

Carl:

- OTHER SPORTS: Broomball is 8:40 Monday

Kristy:

- MORE SPORTS: We won 6-nil. We scored first goal as EH soccer team. Next game is Thursday at 8

Hunter:

- SPOOF: We will be watching Borad at 9pm on Wednesday

Kasey:

- Stress relief was nice. Will plan another

Nicc:

- SPORTS: Ultimate won. Wednesday at 8pm against flying turquoise monkeys

Dom:

- When are people available for seminars? People talk about stuff for a bit to teach stuff, doesn't matter what. Posted When2Meet in announcements

Faith:

- Chick Flick, Wednesday, 9:30. _Kissing Booth_ is interesting

Kel:

- Pixar Night. Smashing success (not). _Toy Story 2_, like _Toy Story 1_ but with more crying. Must be dressed as Min(e/o)r, Spaceman, Cowboy or Ham

Elliot:

- Imagine: Pinball machine project. Come talk to me if interested.
- 9/23 gonna be streaming. HoTs

Nicc:

- Human Hamster Wheel: We didn't meet last week, because people were sick. We are looking for more talent

Ryan:

- EHVR, need someone to be in charge of it. Please talk to me if interested

Leiah:

- Jersey: I failed in delivering order forms. Those will come out this week. 

Saty:

- Good luck to _all_ of the candidate(s)
- Please vote NC, so Leiah can hold the responsibilities of recruitment

### Elections:

Even though there is no NC propaganda, vote NC.

Candidates:

- Recruitment:

  1. Faith Nee
