---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=1cm,bottom=1cm"
---

# Week 4 House Meeting
***Quorum is Met***

### Cabinet Announcements

President - Leiah:

- Carpe was fun but cold. We had to leave because we were loud and Wayne came. 
- Rock looks good, and isn't covered in Vaseline. 
- Title IX training in NRH 1250 at 7:30 pm on Oct 4. All are allowed to come and get trained. Eboard and Cabinet Must. 


Vice President - Kel:

- Evals are out. Do them, makes my life easier. 
- Contact me if you see any problems. 
- If you haven't gotten them, check spam and then ask me. 
- Compliments:

  - I want to thank Dominic and Zack for meditation
  - Shane is the best person to just randomly see throughout the day. Always makes me smile
  - Freshmen are all fun to hang around, except for Jeremy. 
  - I compliment Leiah for Carpe
  - Rest of EBoard for cleaning the rock
  - Poison Ivy, you are one hardy plant that makes people want to cut their skin off
  - Call your parents, they miss you. 

Treasurer - Bench:

- Pizza Sales: Tomorrow, SURPRISE!!!
- Alumni get one piece for freshmen names.

Secretary - Seth:

- Make sure you have your attendance in.
- If you see any errors with your attendance, let me know. 

Computer Chairmen - Saty:

- AV Receiver hasn't come yet.
- Digital voting
- Computers aren't too sad this week. Nice weather. 60 or 70 ish.

Constitution - Nicc:

- This day in 1949 Pres Truman announced the soviets detonated a nuke.
- Amendment that got sent out last week will not be voted on because of concerns. 
- Give me your signed constitutions

Freshmen Rep - Hunter:

- Bottle run maybe this week

Imps - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- Safety inspections will be coming, keep the VAX spotless, clean and _safe_. 

PR - Kasey:

- Kitchen cleanup on Monday at 8pm
- Floor cleanup on Friday before open house
- Flu Vaccines for non-social credits. Three this week. 100% Free, show them insurance. 
- Career fair volunteering: sign up and you will get event attendance. 

Recruitment - Faith:

- 9/29 First Open House. 
- Open house signup is going out, can't leave without filling it out. 
- Open House training Tuesday at 7:30.
- If you do not have swipe email Aaron at altrla@rit.edu.
- Study Lounge is always gross. Keep it clean. 
- Send me photos for tri-fold

Social - Kristy:

- Mud Tug went great. 
- Muddy Amigos got second in their bracket.
- Darien Lake on Sunday. Pay me if you haven't
- Amazing Maize Maze 10/13

Project - Trent:

- 216 Days until Imagine
- I have a lot of proposals

ALC:

- Complaints:

  - Nicc is deafening for SPORTS
  - Ben was late to meeting in his own house
  - Don't have one for Carl
  - I am sun burnt
  - Muddy Buddies got changed. 
  - Sleep isn't real
  - Clock doesn't work
  - MECE professors are stupid

- Events:

  - Apple picking the weekend of homecoming
  - Mud tug was a success
  - Maker faire was awesome. An NYPD officer got to ride the car
    
    - They placed third and beat MIT

- GTKYA
  
  - Dan Yokim (spelled wrong by Kim, should be Yochim)
    - 3rd year Mechanical Engineering Technology
    - Affectionately known as Grumpa
    - Excellent defender in BROOMBALL
    - Eagle Scout
    - Is a vegan between meals
    - Likes ice skating
    - Member of First Robotics 223

  - Emerson Maloney
    - 4th year Mechanical Engineer
    - Former Improvements Head
    - First Brother
    - Always doing projects
    - Lead the Wooden Car project
    - Built his own forge
    - Has a really sweet car

  - Chris Witmer
    - 3rd Year Mechanical Engineer
    - Former House Improvements Head
    - Originally an EE
    - Also works on many projects
    - Vegetarian food connoisseur
    - Worked for NASA over the summer
    - Will take you climbing


### General Announcements

Leiah: 

- Jerseys: I sent out the [order form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc6xOWA6KAI-QI8zTG5GY_xO7Od6TTSjxvwcD4DfMPEGWSI0A/viewform). It is on Facebook or talk to me
- They are $27.
- Names can be as long as will fit (?)
- Numbers can be as many numbers, and as long as can fit.
  
  - Can have "common punctuation"
- Please put real name on order form, not "Constitution Constitution Constitution".
- Pay me cash, not Venmo. You can Venmo Bench (@braden-feasley)
- I will withhold jerseys if I don't get paid.
- Vote for $1300 to cover jersey costs. 

  - Vote passes 85%.

Bench:

- Fix pizza sales signup 

Nicc:

- SPORTS: Ultimate played, 17-4 last week. Come out again at 8pm on Wednesday to fight "Huck Dynasty".

Seth:

- Brasa's trip?

Kel:

- Pixar Night: 

  - Toy Story 2 was awesome
  - Monsters Inc is next. Door without Handle is entrance fee
  - Jonathan and I bought land on the moon. 
  - Philanthropy committee, come and we will plan.

Hunter:

- SPOOF: Birdemic, Tuesday 9pm

Kasey:

- Stress relief. Next Saturday, 9pm

Faith:
  
- Chick flick night: Wednesday 9:30pm, movie is TBD.

Saty:
  
- Water bottles have been ordered. They are coming Friday. Pay me ($10).

Dom:

- Seminars:

  - 4 people signed up for the When2Meet
  - I have decided on Saturday 7-8.

Kristy:

- SPORTS:
  
  - We scored three goals, but lost. Next game is 10/4 10pm

Elliot:

- Projects: We will have a brainstorming meeting for pinball project. 
- You should be voting. If you are US Citizen and above 18. 

Leiah:
  
- SPORTS: Broomball, We play Monday a 9:20. 
- Last week we won 5-0.
- Jersey's look cool, I forget what I forgot.

Nicc:

- Projects: Human Hamster wheel. We didn't have a meeting last week. 
- If you expressed interest, but are not in the discord, tell me. 

Leiah:

- I remembered. Jersey Orders are closing Tuesday.

Shane:

- I want to make a laser harp with Arduino. I posted When2Meet in #projects_general. 

Max:

- I am building a MIDI controller, if you want to do that, we can do that. 

Andy:

- SWAG: I am selling socks for $20. Two different designs. 

Saty:

- Project: Tens unit, properly used they are for massaging muscles, improperly they are a hell of a lot of fun. 
- Message me for discord invite.

Bench:

- Saty: Can we make someone play Piano?

Nicc:

- Return the shopping carts to the VAX.

Complaints:

- Leiah: Kim said "Today in History, Nick Levie was born"
- DK: Seth-retary didn't put minutes in the bathroom. 
- Seth: Stop pressing the alarm button
- There's a lot of people who made complaints, I didn't catch them all. 
