---
author: "Seth Gower"
geometry: "left=2cm,right=2cm,top=1cm,bottom=1cm"
---
# Week 5 House Meeting 
***Quorum is Met***

## Cabinet Announcements

President - Leiah:

- We did Carpe three times in the past week. Thank you for all of the guards. 
- We are out of paint, let's hope it doesn't get painted.

Vice President - Kel:

- Evals are due
- If you haven't submitted by now (21:01), you have failed that portion. 
  
  - If you did, you will have to do an appeal

- Compliments:

  1. The Entire Script of the Bee Movie

- I have a spoon

Treasurer - Bench:

- Nothing

Secretary - Seth: 

- Nothing
- Voice is back

Reslife Advisor - Aaron:

- Thanks for Pieing me! We did great fundraising for the Food Share. 

Computer Chairmen - Saty:

- The new AV Receiver came in

  - IT FUCKING WORKS
  - If you need help, tell me. Don't break
  - Computers aren't that sad, because it is 60. But bring a rain coat.

Constitution and Historian - Nicc:

- This day in history, 1954: USS Nautilus was commissioned.

Freshmen Rep - Hunter:

- We had a bottle run and raised $30
- This is my last house meeting as your Freshmen Rep (Leiah Takes over). 
- Freshmen project _did_ work, gonna fix it
- Good luck to the nominations, and good luck to the future rep. 

House Improvements - Hunter:

- HIPAWAMIP
- If you break one of the cup holders, let me know. Don't kick it under couch

Recruitment - Faith:

- Open house went great. 
- Next open house is Monday 10/8

  - Don't sign up for an entire large block, other people want to help.
  - Keep doors open to prove we have open door policy
  - If you see a tour group, engage with them
  - It is Oct Break, don't sign up if you are going home
  - SL Cleanup on Tuesday at 7:30. 
  - Don't mess up the SL with food and staples that stab me

Social - Kristy:

- Darien Lake was fun, but chilly
- Moose on the Loose was closed
- Amazing Maize Maze is 10/13
- Don't spill baby powder
- Career fair outfit review with Alumni!

Project - Trent:

- 209 Days til Imagine
- Work on projects

ALC:

- Events:
  
  - Resume review tomorrow at 6-8
  - Apple Picking is in the works

- Complaints:
  
  - "Kim is a ding bat and doesn't proof read"
  - Carl made too much pasta
  - Sigma Chi painted the rock
  - Kim has to drive a long time after an exam
  - Moose on the Loose was closed

- GTKYA
  
  - Cole Miller

    - 4th year Biomedical Engineer
    - Same birthday as Michael (June 4th)
    - Future billionaire
    - Lives in same house as Bandit
    - Very good at Ultimate
    - Likes rock climbing

  - Christian Kobb

    - 4th year Computer Science
    - Former Computer Chair
    - Lives in same house as Bandit
    - Created Anime Friday
    - Good at making fried foods
    - Reads a lot

  - Sara Zuwiyya
    
    - 4th year Mechanical Engineer
    - Former Freshmen Rep
    - Former Public Relations 
    - Has best dog named Bandit
    - Went to Morocco
    - Likes to hike


## General Announcements

Leiah:

- Jerseys have been ordered. I am sorry the order woman is stupid about numbers. 

Carl:

- SPORTS: Broomball at Ritter tomorrow at 10

Saty:

- Pick up and pay for your water bottles.

Nicc:

- ***SPORTS***: Ultimate won. Wednesday at 8pm

Elliot:

- I didn't hold my project meeting, big sad.

Shane: 

- Laser Harp will have first meeting Sunday at 4pm

Jessie:

- Nightmare before Christmas Oct 1 9pm

Hunter:

- Birdemic 2 Tuesday 9pm

Faith:

- Movies with Faith, Breakfast Club: Wednesday at 9:30

Kristy:

- SPORTS: Soccer has game at 10pm. 

Hunter:

- Giant 3d printer will have a meeting Tuesday at 8pm. Simple intro course to how 3d printing and CAD works. 

Kel:

- Pixar Night: _Finding Nemo_, Oct 4 at 8:30pm. Door fee is a fish. There is a prize

  - If you bring a 300lb living tuna, I will make out with you

- You all missed Philanthropy Committee. We are gonna reach out to schools about why engineering is cool!
- Corn Hole, if Freshmen want to do it as a Freshmen Project, do it, else I will

Nicc:

- Human Hamster wheel is more complicated. We need more people, please help.
- No meetings this week.

Kristy:

- Stop spray painting in the stair well

Andy:

- Socks are still happening. 2 pairs for $20

Elliot:

- You should register to vote and get your absentee ballot. 

Tyler:

- Thank you for being respectful during the Hillel service during Carpe.

Kel:

- If you don't do evals, I will be upset since it will delay everything. DO THEM NOW!

Faith:

- If you don't have swipe, please email Aaron for swipe at altrla@rit.edu

Seth:

- HOCKEY
  
  - I will be hosting an event in the VAX on Saturday at 4pm to teach you all how to chant at Hockey games. 
  - You can get free hockey tickets by donating food (preferably food for multiple servings) to the Den or RIT Foodshare

Leiah:

- We are no longer using the budgeted money for Jerseys, I am fronting. Please pay me ASAP, my bank account doesn't like me. You can now venmo me @leiahmaloney
- I am sad, the Steelers are losing to the Ravens.

## Nominations - Freshmen Rep

Propaganda Rules:

  - You may not put it on doors without permission
  - No touching peoples' propaganda that is on the wall, no covering propaganda. 
  - NC will be put out on Wednesday, leave no room
  - Color printing is encouraged. 
  - Big propaganda is encouraged.
  - NO USING HOUSE RESOURCES
      
    - No printing on printer
    - No using house tape
  - It can go up as soon as we are out of HM
  - May not be hung from ceiling or within 10"
  - Not from the doorways
  - Not on RA board
  - Not on or around the Sprocket ("Aren't you supposed to listen" ~Kel)
  - Any medium is fine
  - Must not leak from floor
  - No propaganda on the discord or Facebook (on the EHouse page. Your personal is a point from Kel)
  - Scotch tape, Gaff tape, packing tape. No duct tape.
  - No propaganda on the projector screen or on tools
  - NO DOUBLE SIDED TAPE (@Saty, @DK).
  - Propaganda in showers _will get wet_.
  - All freshmen should run for it, it is fun.
    
    - You don't need to run seriously
  - You may target your enemies. 
    
    - "Don't throw mad shade"~Kel
    - Funny slander only,
    - Get permission from the person first.
    - No comparison to fascist leaders. 
  - No racist, sexist or bad things on walls. 

Carl:

- Note: There will be propaganda up for the open house

### Nominations

Hunter: Cole Miller

Hunter: I would like to nominate Jeremy Dolansky
  
  - Accepts

Dominick Reba: Jonathan 
  
  - Accepts

Andrea: Zach Flowers

  - Accepts

Jordan: Tucker

  - Accepts

DK: Zoe

  - Accepts

Lauren: Dom M

  - Accepts

Hunter: Jessie

  - Accepts

Shane: Jack M
  
  - Accepts

Elliot: Dante

  - Accepts

Nicc: Howie
  
  - Accepts

Saty: Dustin
  
  - Accepts

Saty: Tyler
  
  - Accepts

Nicc: Jack H

  - Accepts

Seth: Gillian D
  
  - Accepts

There were so many, I couldn't type fast enough. Literally all of them are running
